README.md, before:

![MasterHead](https://github.com/BugrahanBayrakci/BugrahanBayrakci/blob/main/assets/Header.png)
![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=BugrahanBayrakci&color=blue)

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=28&pause=1000&color=2F80ED&center=true&vCenter=true&width=435&lines=M.+Bu%C4%9Frahan+Bayrak%C3%A7%C4%B1;Software+Engineer;Google+AI+Scholar;Game+Dev+Team+Lead" alt="Typing SVG" />
</div>

<img src="https://github.com/CagatayAkkas/CagatayAkkas/blob/main/img/EatSleepCodeRepeat.gif?raw=true" alt="Coding" width="200" height="200" align="right">

<h3 align="left">&nbsp; from Türkiye</h3>

- 🔭 I’m currently working on **Unreal Engine 5 Game Projects & Google AI Academy**

- 🎓 Google Artificial Intelligence and Technology Academy **Scholar**

- 💬 Ask me about **Game Development, Java, AI & Backend Architecture**

- 📫 How to reach me **bugrahanbayrakci@gmail.com**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/bugrahanbayrakci/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="bugrahanbayrakci" height="30" width="40" /></a>
  <a href="https://medium.com/@bugrahanbayrakci" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/medium.svg" alt="@bugrahanbayrakci" height="30" width="40" /></a>
  <a href="https://bugrahanbayrakci.github.io/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/rss.svg" alt="Personal Website" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<br clear="right"/>

# 💻 Languages and Tools:
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![Unreal Engine](https://img.shields.io/badge/unrealengine-%23313131.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unrealengine&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C++-365dbf.svg?logo=C%2B%2B&style=for-the-badge)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/kotlin-%237F52FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kotlin&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Ubuntu](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Ubuntu-6F52B5.svg?logo=ubuntu&style=for-the-badge)
![MicrosoftSQLServer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white)
![Blender](https://img.shields.io/badge/blender-%23F5792A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=blender&logoColor=white)
<br />

# 📊 Github Stats

<p align="center">
  <a>
    <img height="160" width="182" src="https://github.com/CagatayAkkas/CagatayAkkas/blob/main/img/Bird%20Wing%20Left.png?raw=true">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=BugrahanBayrakci&theme=material-palenight&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true" alt="BugrahanBayrakci Stats" />
    <img height="160" width="182" src="https://github.com/CagatayAkkas/CagatayAkkas/blob/main/img/Bird%20Wing%20Right.png?raw=true">
  </a>
</p>



<p align="center">
  <a>
    <img height="160" width="182" src="https://github.com/CagatayAkkas/CagatayAkkas/blob/main/img/Bird%20Wing%20Bottom%20Left.png?raw=true">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=BugrahanBayrakci&theme=material-palenight&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact" alt="BugrahanBayrakci Top Langs" />
    <img height="160" width="182" src="https://github.com/CagatayAkkas/CagatayAkkas/blob/main/img/Bird%20Wing%20Bottom%20Right.png?raw=true">
  </a>
</p>

<br />

Commit message:

Revise personal details and skills in README
Updated personal information and expertise in README.

README.md, after:

![MasterHead](https://github.com/BugrahanBayrakci/BugrahanBayrakci/blob/main/assets/Header.png)
![](https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=BugrahanBayrakci&color=blue)

<div align="center">
  <img src="https://readme-typing-svg.herokuapp.com?font=Fira+Code&size=28&pause=1000&color=2F80ED&center=true&vCenter=true&width=435&lines=M.+Bu%C4%9Frahan+Bayrak%C3%A7%C4%B1;Software+Engineer;Google+AI+Scholar;Game+Dev+Team+Lead" alt="Typing SVG" />
</div>

<img src="https://github.com/CagatayAkkas/CagatayAkkas/blob/main/img/EatSleepCodeRepeat.gif?raw=true" alt="Coding" width="200" height="200" align="right">

<h3 align="left">&nbsp; from Türkiye</h3>

Leadership & Production: For the past 2 years, I have been actively leading a Game Development team. I personally manage project lifecycles, technical coordination, and the process of bringing a product from concept to launch.

Software Expertise (Java): I have validated my engineering foundations with a recent Java Certification. I possess a strong command of Object-Oriented Programming (OOP) and backend architectures.

Future Vision (Data & AI): To align with the future of technology, I am currently undergoing Data Science training at the Google AI Academy, blending my analytical skills with my technical background.

-  How to reach me **bugrahanbayrakci@gmail.com**

<h3 align="left">Connect with me:</h3>
<p align="left">
  <a href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/bugrahanbayrakci/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/linked-in-alt.svg" alt="bugrahanbayrakci" height="30" width="40" /></a>
  <a href="https://medium.com/@bugrahanbayrakci" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/medium.svg" alt="@bugrahanbayrakci" height="30" width="40" /></a>
  <a href="https://bugrahanbayrakci.github.io/" target="blank"><img align="center" src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/rahuldkjain/github-profile-readme-generator/master/src/images/icons/Social/rss.svg" alt="Personal Website" height="30" width="40" /></a>
</p>

<br clear="right"/>

# 💻 Languages and Tools:
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/java-%23ED8B00.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=java&logoColor=white)
![Unreal Engine](https://img.shields.io/badge/unrealengine-%23313131.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=unrealengine&logoColor=white)
![C++](https://img.shields.io/badge/-C++-365dbf.svg?logo=C%2B%2B&style=for-the-badge)
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/python-3670A0?style=for-the-badge&logo=python&logoColor=ffdd54)
![Kotlin](https://img.shields.io/badge/kotlin-%237F52FF.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=kotlin&logoColor=white)
![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/git-%23F05033.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=git&logoColor=white)
![Ubuntu](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Ubuntu-6F52B5.svg?logo=ubuntu&style=for-the-badge)
![MicrosoftSQLServer](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microsoft%20SQL%20Server-CC2927?style=for-the-badge&logo=microsoft%20sql%20server&logoColor=white)
![Blender](https://img.shields.io/badge/blender-%23F5792A.svg?style=for-the-badge&logo=blender&logoColor=white)
<br />

# 📊 Github Stats

<p align="center">
  <a>
    <img height="160" width="182" src="https://github.com/CagatayAkkas/CagatayAkkas/blob/main/img/Bird%20Wing%20Left.png?raw=true">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=BugrahanBayrakci&theme=material-palenight&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true" alt="BugrahanBayrakci Stats" />
    <img height="160" width="182" src="https://github.com/CagatayAkkas/CagatayAkkas/blob/main/img/Bird%20Wing%20Right.png?raw=true">
  </a>
</p>



<p align="center">
  <a>
    <img height="160" width="182" src="https://github.com/CagatayAkkas/CagatayAkkas/blob/main/img/Bird%20Wing%20Bottom%20Left.png?raw=true">
    <img align="center" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=BugrahanBayrakci&theme=material-palenight&hide_border=false&include_all_commits=true&count_private=true&layout=compact" alt="BugrahanBayrakci Top Langs" />
    <img height="160" width="182" src="https://github.com/CagatayAkkas/CagatayAkkas/blob/main/img/Bird%20Wing%20Bottom%20Right.png?raw=true">
  </a>
</p>

<br />
